This is a distribution of a VSIPL library.

VSIPL is a signal processing library specification developed by a working group of
diverse individuals from industry and government primarily, although others have also
participated. 

Currently an API for C and C++ exist.
The original API was for C and was set to be compatible with the ANSI C89 specification.
The C++ API includes both a serial and parallel spec. This distribution does not currently
support the C++ API.

Note the original VSIPL was done by the VSIPL working group which was specific to VSIPL. 
The VSIPL working group morphed into the HPEC-SI working group (High Performance Embedded 
Computing - Software Initiative) which developed the C++ API's. Note HPEC-SI is not specific
to VSIPL.

One of the goals of VSIPL is that anybody can implement a VSIPL Library. The idea was that
multiple (hardware) vendors would implement VSIPL instead of their proprietary library and
software would be more portable when new hardware is purchased. The reality has been more 
toward software vendors creating VSIPL libraries for multiple platforms. 

This distribution is open and free to anybody that wants to use it or modify the source code 
for their own uses.  There are commercial distributions of both the C and C++ API's. One assumes 
commercial implementations will supply better performance and support. If you need things (like 
performance and support) please go to a commercial implementation. I may (or may not) be willing
to supply support depending upon the work involved and my own agenda; but this is a hobby for me
and I might have better things to do with my time.

This distribution is based on the TVCPP distribution. I wrote TVCPP while a government employee
and have been maintaining it into retirement.  I have decided to add python support and make some
other changes so have decided to start a new distribution.

I will call this new distribution JVSIP. "J" is the first letter of my last name. Included in this
distribution is support for Python. There is no VSIPL specification for a Python API but I may 
develop one as time goes by. I don't know if there will ever be an "official" VSIPL Python API.

Directorie (A short overview. Some folks won't be interested in everything)
jvsip (top level directory, you may have cloned into something else)
   AppleXcode
      Stuff particular to an Apple Environment with the Xcode IDE
   c_VSIP_src
      C source code for VSIPL
   c_VSIP_testing
      Source code for testing VSIPL codes
   doc
      Most (but not all) documents. Includes how to make and use information
      These documents are PDF.
      Many are done using Libre Office. If so they may have the LibreOffice data embeded.
   examples
      Examples. Note c_VSIP_testing also may be examined for examples of how to do VSIPL code
   python
      Python modules are in this directoy

