This directory includes documentation.
Some documents I have copied directly from TVCPP. These older documents should be updated 
but are a low priority for now.

The official VSIPL (through 2012) specification is available at http://www.vsipl.org/
I include an annotated copy here. The annotations are mistakes I know are in the official 
document; or changes to the pdf document I would like to see. Fixing errors in the official 
document is painful and getting fixes finally approved seems to be impossible. For now I 
am looking for an easy way to publish (and document) problems. If somebody picks up editing 
the official document then they can use this as a resource.

Note that the OMG specification group is adopting VSIPL as an official OMG specification. Newer specification documents may become available. I will not include them here and will stay pretty
much with the older C VSIPL document, at least for the time being.

I also include newer documents I am writing for the JVSIP distribution. All my documentation 
are under continuous (although not necessarily frequent) review and modification. 
I have been using LibreOffice as my documentation tool but I publish in PDF. I have
found LibreOffice allows embedding the LibreOffice Document inside the PDF. I have done this
for some of my documents, and plan to do it for all documents developed with LibreOffice.

Recently I have started doing some documentation within the python notebook environment.
This environment allows use of the markdown documentation method which allows use of LaTeX
type math. Consequently I have started using TeX (LaTeX) for documentation. The final product
will still be PDF.

Python documents, and any pyJvsip specification, are mine alone. Currently there is no "official" VSIPL python spec. If OMG does a VSIPL specification for python I probably will stay with what I have done 
and not try to implement to their spec.

Currently I am doing more of a proof of concept so decisions may change frequently. When I get something that I like for python VSIPL I may document it more fully.
