This directory contains development code for decomposition routines.
While jvsip has most (VSIPL Defined) decomposition routines they can probably be
improved and there is currently an incomplete SVD implementation.
In addition eigenvalue decompositions would be useful in pyJvsip although
they are not defined in the VSIPL specification.

Although I am working on development here the code is also useful as example code 
for pyJvsip.

I have finally reached a point where a complete SVD example is included in 
decompositionUtilites.py. The documentation is behind the implementation so
I will be doing some cleanup work to synch things up.

Note I have started using notebooks
http://ipython.org/ipython-doc/dev/interactive/htmlnotebook.html

Notebooks supports better documentation and an enhanced development environment.
Notebook files are Those named <file-name>NB.ipynb. Generally I will produce the 
python content if it is usefull to a  <file-name>.py file for regular imports, 
and I may print the notebook files to <file-name.pdf> so the rendered metadata 
can be displayed for users without notebook installed. 

(<file-name>.pdf is stale. I may improve it in the future; or remove it)

My decomposition utilities notebook started to get long and hard to work with. 
I assumed you could make these as long as you want however after a few pages with 
a lot of markdown code for documentation they become very slow and cumbersome to
update and add to. I have started to break the notebooks into shorter more manageable 
pieces.

Note that I have overwriten a notebook file by mistake using the .py file. If you 
drag a .py into the notebook dashboard it will import it using the same name and 
store it over the notebook file; probably not what you want. So I started placing 
a NB as part of the file name to ensure I don't overwright the documentation version 
with the module version. (I was saved by time machine; but better to not do this).

Note underneath notebook has support for markdown
http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/
which supports, among other things, some math notation using latex.

